# Getting Started

If you are familiar with the blockchain world and the many cryptocurrency projects that enthusiastic investors have thrown their money at, you probably have heard about ERC20 tokens. Since 2017, many blockchain projects have used ICOs (Initial Coin Offerings) to raise money for blockchain development. In an ICO, a team will fund the creation of a blockchain network by issuing a token that will be redeemable for the native cryptocurrency on said network once it is developed. Most of these tokens have been issued on Ethereum through the ERC20 token standard.

ERC20 stands for _Ethereum Request for Comment 20_, meaning it is the 20th proposal that got accepted as a standard. To implement the ERC20 standard, a smart contract must implement six specific functions:
  1. `totalSupply() public view returns (uint256 totalSupply)`  
    -  Get the total token supply
  2. `balanceOf(address _owner) public view returns (uint256 balance)`  
    -  Get the account balance of another account with address `_owner`  
  3. `transfer(address _to, uint256 _value) public returns (bool success)`  
    -  Send `_value` amount of tokens to address `_to`  
  4. `transferFrom(address _from, address _to, uint256 _value) public returns (bool success)`  
    -  Send `_value` amount of tokens from address `_from` to address `_to`  
  5. `approve(address _spender, uint256 _value) public returns (bool success)`  
    -  Allow `_spender` to withdraw from your account, multiple times, up to the `_value` amount. If this function is called again it overwrites the current allowance with `_value`  
  6. `allowance(address _owner, address _spender) public view returns (uint256 remaining)`  
    -  Returns the amount which `_spender` is still allowed to withdraw from `_owner`

Look at the code to the right. We have defined an `interface` that has these functions included in it. An `interface` is like a `contract` where the functions all have only headers with no bodies. Unlike a `contract`, the `ERC20` `interface` we have written cannot be deployed to the blockchain, because there is no code in it! However we can "implement" this interface in a new contract. 

Look below the definition of the `ERC20` `interface`. We have an empty contract which we begin with the header `TutorialCoin is ERC20`. The `is` keyword means that we are implementing the `ERC20` `interface`. This means that unless we include each function specified in the interface in the `TutorialCoin` contract, it will not compile. So it is essentially a guarantee that a certain set of functions will be included in `TutorialCoin`.  
Also, there are two `event`s, `Transfer` and `Approval` that need to be emitted when a designated event occurs. We will explain how `event`s work in a little bit.

  1. `Transfer(address _from, address _to, uint256 _value)`  
    - Triggered when tokens are transferred.
  2. `Approval(address _owner, address _spender, uint256 _value)`  
    -  Triggered whenever `approve(address _spender, uint256 _value)` is called.

>technically the `address` types in the events have to be `address indexed` type, which makes it easier to search for in the chain history. However, we omitted those for simplicity.

Using the standardized ERC20 interface to transfer and track the spending of tokens allows Ethereum wallets such as [Trust Wallet](https://trustwallet.com/) or [Coinbase Wallet](https://wallet.coinbase.com/) to easily create user-friendly portals for spending and tracking these tokens. The developers of these wallets won't have to worry about writing unique code to handle the transfer of the many different types of tokens developed on Ethereum since they will all be transfered using the same function calls. 

In this chapter, we will implement an ERC20 token ourselves. 

Before moving on to the next section, get the `TutorialCoin` contract to compile by copying the various function headers from `ERC20` to the `TutorialCoin` contract and adding empty `{}` bodies to fill in later. Also if you like, you can change `TutorialCoin` to a more exciting name of your choosing for your brand new cryptocurrency, and then we'll continue. :)

To do:

1: Add empty functions with the headers defined in `ERC20` to `TutorialCoin`