# Events and Logging

Now it's time to explain what's going on with these `event`s. This is a tool that Solidity uses to more efficiently communicate from smart contracts to the front end. Front ends typically can't read `return` values from functions executed on the blockchain, since these happen asynchronously - one must wait for the block with the transaction in it to be mined for the transaction to actually execute. Instead, we provide a way for the smart contract to notify front ends when functions are called. The front end listens for any `event`s `emit`ted from the smart contract. The contract can then pass the front end information which allows the front end to update its state to match the contract. In certain cases, we can even make it so that it's possible to create the entire state of the smart contract simply by reconstructing it from the log of the events that occured. 

For more on the rationale behind `event`s, I recommend [Technical Introduction to Events and Logs in Ethereum](https://media.consensys.net/technical-introduction-to-events-and-logs-in-ethereum-a074d65dd61e) from Consensys. 

An event is like a struct in that it is a group of variables with specified types. We can for instance define an event that logs a string, an int, and an address like this: 

`event MyCoolEvent (string myString, uint funNumber, address someonesAddress);`

We then, in our function bodies, can send out a `MyCoolEvent` using the `emit` keyword and values for all three parameters, like so:

`emit MyCoolEvent ("hi everyone", 42, 0x26473ff0c295a1cefa9cfd003224281e4b2a2049)`

Update our ERC20 contract to accurately send out `Transfer` and `Approval` events when the corresponding actions occur. Also it is a good idea to add events using our own custom types for minting and burning as well. 

To do: 

1. Add `Transfer` event

2. Add `Approval` event

3. Add minting event

4. Add burning event