# Guard Against Overflow/Underflow

At this point, we must address something **very** important that most are not likely to consider. 

If an unexperienced Solidity developer is writing an ERC20 token contract, there's a chance they'll end up writing something like this:

```
contract SillyToken {
  mapping(address => uint) balances;
  
  //...
  
  function transfer(address recipient, uint256 amount) 
  public returns (bool) {
    require(
      balances[msg.sender] - amount > 0, 
      "You don't have enough tokens to make this transfer"
    );
    balances[msg.sender] = balances[msg.sender] - amount;
    balances[recipient] = balances[recipient] + amount;
    emit Transfer(msg.sender, recipient, amount);
  }
  
  //...
}
```

There is a huge problem here, which is that the `require` guard doesn't actually work. It will always evaluate to true! This is because the `uint` type can only represent positive numbers. If the result of a subtraction is less than zero (the minimum value the type can store), it will "wrap around" and start subtracting from the maximum value the type can store. This means that if you have Solidity code like 

```
uint a = 1; 
uint b = 0 - a;
```

`b` will end up being set to 2^256 - 1, an immensely huge number! 

So if someone were to run the code in the above example with zero tokens in their account and try to transfer one token to somebody else, they would end up with an enormous balance in their account and be rich beyond their wildest dreams (in `SillyToken`, at least, which my bank doesn't seem to accept for whatever reason :\). This phenomenon is called "underflow". The same thing can happen if the number becomes too high, in which case it will wrap back around to start adding from zero - this is called "overflow".

To protect against this, every smart contract developer should use safe mathematical functions that protect against overflow and underflow. 

Here are some examples of safe multiplication and division functions we can write that guard against overflow in the former case and divide-by-zero in the latter:

```
  function safeMultiply(uint256 a, uint256 b)
  internal pure returns (uint256) {
    uint256 c = a * b;
    require(c / a == b, "Multiplication overflow");

    return c;
  }
  function safeDivide(uint256 a, uint256 b)
  internal pure returns (uint256) {
    require(b > 0, "Division by zero not allowed");
    return a / b;
  }
```

Write your own functions for safe addition and subtraction and use them wherever you are adding and subtracting numbers here. Even if you think you have proper require guards already implemented, it is still best practices to always use safe mathematical operatives whenever you are working with `uint`s in Solidity.  

To do: 

1. Write a function to safely add two numbers that reverts if the operation will cause
an overflow. 

2. Write a function to safely subtract two numbers that reverts if the operation will cause an underflow.

3. Use these functions wherever you add and subtract in your contract
