# Blank Slate

If you're familiar with the world of Ethereum smart contracts and decentralized applications (dapps), you might have heard of people using smart contracts for game development. Let's make our own basic game: a game of tic-tac-toe. 

Let's breifly outline the rules for tic-tac-toe:

1. Starting with player one, the two players will take turns placing `X`'s and `O`'s on the board.

2. The first player places `X`'s, and the second player places `O`'s.

3. The creator of the game (the person who published the smart contract) will be player one, and another person that joins the game will be player two.

4. The first player who makes a line on the board with 3 `X`'s or `O`'s wins.

There are some other minor rules as well:

1. You cannot override/replace already placed `X`'s or `O`'s.

2. You cannot make your turn when the game has already been won.

3. The size of the board is 3 * 3.

Unlike in the past lesson, we will write a brand new smart contract entirely from scratch here.

The first thing we need to include is the `pragma` header to define the compiler version.  

```
pragma solidity >=0.5.10 <0.6.0;
```

In the above script, `pragma` declares the version number of the compiler that will be used to compile the Solidity code. The above snippet specifies that the Solidity version be newer or equal to version 0.5.10 and up to, but not including, version 0.6.0\. As the newest version available at the time of writing is 0.5.10, we'll use this as our Solidity version.

> Tip: usually any breaking changes will happen at version X.Y.0, where X or Y is a new, higher number than the previous version. The last digit usually will be a bugfix or minor change that doesn't break.

Next, we need to build the actual contract. The keyword `contract` will handle that for us:

```
contract TicTacToe {

}
```

Go ahead and do it yourself:

Write the solidity version `pragma` and declare a contract named `TicTacToe`. Make the solidity version equal to `0.5.10`.

