# Advanced Tutorial

Here, we will explore some advanced concepts such as strings, interface, interacting with other contracts, gas consumption, and some security considerations. Since we are going to cover multiple different features in solidity, we won't stick to one contract that we will build on consecutively. Each of the chapters will have simplified contracts that demonstrate the topic well.

# More on Strings

Unlike in other usual programming languages, solidity does not support many operations on strings. That's because the smart contracts have an additional computational price mechanism called `gas`. strings, as they are innately immutable, can cause undesirable amount of gas cost. Moreover, as strings are `UTF8` encoded, each character in string can have variable byte size ranging from 1 to 4 bytes. This can generate much computational overhead, thus discouraged to apply operations on them.

Thus, there are no useful string operations on solidity. Instead we can make use of `bytes` type to work around the restriction. Since `bytes` can be indexed with fixed size, we can reduce the overhead and apply some useful operations on them.
Without bytes, strings cannot be modified or even compared. Since string operations are expensive by nature (immutable array), solidity strongly discourages working with strings.
However, there are times when we absolutely want to use strings, that is where `bytes` kicks in.

`bytes` enables us to manipulate not only strings, but all other general types, with array access (like how `C` does). Also, strings can be easily conveted to `bytes` through explicit casting, like so:

```
string a;
function changeToString() public returns(string) {
  bytes memory byteString = bytes(3);
  byteString[0] = 'a';
  byteString[1] = 'b';
  byteString[2] = 'c';
  return string(byteString)

}
```
`string` type can be converted to `bytes` type in the same way. (`bytes memory b = bytes(s)`)

But here, we see something weird:

```
function testStuff() public pure{
  string memory t = "€bÁnç!";
  string memory t2 = "AbcbÁnç!";
  bytes memory bt2 = bytes(t2);
  bytes memory byteString = bytes(t);
  byteString[0] = "A";
  byteString[1] = "b";
  byteString[2] = "c";
  require(
    keccak256(abi.encodePacked(bt2))
    ==
    keccak256(abi.encodePacked(byteString))
  );
}
```

The function actually passes without getting stuck in the `require` statement. It's because the first `€` in the string takes up 3 bytes in length, because of the characteristics of string type. Thus, `byteString[0]`, `byteString[1]`, and `byteString[2]` are all parts of the same character, thus the resulting string is longer than the original string.


