# Global Variables

A smart contract is somewhat different from a usual programmable object in that it always has some property for the caller of the contract. For example, there is always going to be an `address` for the caller a `blockHeight` for the block height of the underlying blockchain, and so on. Some of the global variables are listed below.

  1. Time units,  ether units
  2. `blockhash(uint blockNumber)`
  3. `block`
  4. `gasleft()`
  5. `msg`
  6. `now`
  7. `tx`

Some of the time units and  ether units are listed below.
```

1 wei == 1;
1 szabo == 1e12;
1 finney == 1e15;
1 ether == 1e18;

1 seconds == 1;
1 minutes == 60 seconds;
1 hours == 60 minutes;
1 days == 24 hours;
1 weeks == 7 days
```

They are basically units of `uint256` type that have some easily noticeable names. `block` and `msg` deals with the current block and message beneath the contract operations. `msg.sender`, for example, contains the origin address of the call chain (the first account to create the entire chain of calls). Below is a list of frequently-used block and transaction properties.

`blockhash(uint blockNumber) returns (bytes32)`: hash of the given block - only works for 256 most recent, excluding current, blocks
`block.coinbase (address payable)`: current block miner address
`block.difficulty (uint)`: current block difficulty
`block.gaslimit (uint)`: current block gaslimit
`block.number (uint)`: current block number
`block.timestamp (uint)`: current block timestamp as seconds since unix epoch
`gasleft() returns (uint256)`: remaining gas
`msg.data (bytes calldata)`: complete calldata
`msg.sender (address payable)`: sender of the message (current call)
`msg.sig (bytes4)`: first four bytes of the calldata (i.e. function identifier)
`msg.value (uint)`: number of wei sent with the message
`now (uint)`: current block timestamp (alias for block.timestamp) (should avoid using this, for security concerns)
`tx.gasprice (uint)`: gas price of the transaction
`tx.origin (address payable)`: sender of the transaction (full call chain)

> source: [Ethreum Docs](https://solidity.readthedocs.io/en/v0.5.3/units-and-global-variables.html#special-variables-and-functions)

Let's try to utilize these variables and create a meaningful contract.

Try yourself:
  1. In the contract prompt, add a few things including the following, which use global variables.
  2. A constructor function that assigns `owner` to `msg.sender`, `referrer` to `tx.origin`, and `birth` to `block.timestamp`.
  3. A  `payable` function that requires `block.timestamp` to be greater than `1000000000`.
  4. A function that changes owner to another address, but only allows the `owner` to call it.

