# Creating a Contract with a Contract

So far we have been looking at deploying a contract by compiling the contract code and manually deploying it through the front end. As you have guessed, we can also deploy contracts within a contract. This can be done pretty easily like so:

```
address con = address(new ContractType());
```

This will store the address of the newly created contract to `con`. However, there needs to be a interface or a implemented contract ready in the deploying contract's codebase for the compiler to resolve symbols and so on. After creating a new contract `con`, we can access the variables and functions just like we do for a class object. For example, to interact with the following contract,

```
contract MyContract {
  string public date;
  function sayHello() public returns(string memory) {
    return "Hello World!";
  }
}
```

```
MyContract con = new MyContract();
string memory s;
s = con.sayHello(); // s == "Hello World!"
```

Quite simple, right? Now let's create a simple contract that creates another contract to interact with it.

1. Create a contract named `Shopping`. this will create new `Receit` contracts with a simple function call. It keeps an array of all the receits it has ever created.
2. Receit has two state variables: `Owner` and `signed`.
3. The constructor of `Receit` contract takes in an address and sets it to its `Owner`.
4. Receit has one function, `sign()` that sets `signed` to `true`.
4. `Shopping` contract has `sign` that takes in a `uint` and calls the `sign` function on the `i-th` (starting from 0) `Receit` in its array.

The template is given for you to work with.