# Interacting with Other Contracts

> based on Loom Network's [CryptoZombies tutorial](https://cryptozombies.io/en/lesson/2/chapter/13)

We looked at how we can use some abstraction layer contract to build other contracts upon it. Now, we will learn how we can interact with other contracts on the blockchain network using interfaces. Let's look at an example first:

```
contract KittyInterface {
  function getKitty(uint256 _id) external view returns (
    bool isGestating,
    bool isReady,
    uint256 cooldownIndex,
    uint256 nextActionAt,
    uint256 siringWithId,
    uint256 birthTime,
    uint256 matronId,
    uint256 sireId,
    uint256 generation,
    uint256 genes
  );
}
```

The above is an interface for accessing CryptoKitties smart contract. It returns many different values: it's quite simple how to accept multiple return values.

```
  (a,b,c,d,e,f,g,h,i,j) = getKitty(someid);
```

above is a pseudocode for catching all values returned. Of course, the variables `a` through `j` has to be declared first. Also we can omit the variables if we don't want them, like so:

```
  (,,,,,,,,,j) = getKitty(someid);
```

In our case, we will create a contract inside another contract to interact with it (as we are not using a public network). However, in this case we need actual implementations for the child contract in our codebase to use its members (functions, variables, etc). Creating a contract inside another contract can be done like below.

```
KittyContract kitty = new KittyContract();
```

Note that we are using `KittyContract` instead of `KittyInterface`, assuming we have everything implemented in our codebase. We will discuss about creating a contract with a contract later in detail.

Now we can make calls to the CryptoKitties smart contract via `kittyContract`, like so :

```
  (,,,,,,,,,kittyDna) = kitty.getKitty(_kittyId);
```

> Since the latest contract address can change, the hard-coded contract address could be bad. We will discuss how to fix this in a later tutorial. Note that the variables shown above (ckAddress, kittyContract) will have to be a state variable for the contract to know those values.

Try yourself:

ForecaseOracle is the following contract:
```
contract ForecastOracle {
    function getForecast(uint _longitude, uint _latitude) 
    public returns (uint,uint,uint){
        return (
          now,
          _longitude * _latitude * now % 100, 
          (_longitude + _latitude * now) % 100
        );
    }
}
```
Write an interface named `ForecastOracle` from the script above.  
Write a contranct with the following specifications:

  1. The contract is named `ForecastStorage`
  2. it defines a struct `ForecastEntry` that contains these fields
    * `uint time`
    * `uint percipitation`
    * `uint temperature`
  2. it has these state variables:
     * an array of `ForecastEntry` named `data`
     * `uint longitude`, set it to some number
     * `uint latitude`, set it to some number
     * `ForcastOracle oracle`, create a new oracle contract
  3. it has one function:
     * named `update`
     * doesn't take input
     * `public`
     * calles `getForecast` from the contract `Forecast` with `longitude` and `latitude`, converts the return value to a `ForecastEntry` and pushes it to `data`
     * returns nothing

