# Modifiers with Inheritance

We can now interact with other contracts on the blockchain.
Let's look at *function modifiers*, which alter other functions.

Contract inheritance, like in other programming language, is quite simple. You just have to write `contract A is B`, and the new contract `A` will inherit from `B`. See the example below:

```
contract PrivateData is Ownable {
  /* some code */
}
```

The above code will create a new contract `PrivateData` that will inherit from the contract `Ownable`.

Let's see what `Ownable` contract does through basic skeleton interface.

```
contract Ownable {
  address internal _owner;
  event OwnershipTransferred(
    address indexed previousOwner,
    address indexed newOwner
  );
  constructor() internal ;
  function owner() public view returns(address) ;
  modifier onlyOwner() ;
  function isOwner() public view returns(bool) ;
  function renounceOwnership() public onlyOwner;
  function transferOwnership(address newOwner) public onlyOwner;
  function _transferOwnership(address newOwner) internal;
}
```

Here we see a new keyword `modifier`. It is literally a modifier that makes modifications to a function. if you see the line  
`function renounceOwnership() public onlyOwner`, we see something after the `public` keyword, which is a `modifier`. Modifier changes the attached function in a certain way, generally attaching some additional code in the back or in the front. Let's look at an example:

```
constructor() public {
  _owner = msg.sender;
}
modifier onlyOwner() {
  require(isOwner());
  _;
}
function isOwner() public view returns (bool) {
    return msg.sender == _owner;
}
```

In the above script, `onlyOwner` just adds another line `require(isOwner())` to check the caller of the original function is the owner of the contract. After checking, the modifier returns back and executes the body of the original function (`_;` handles execution of the original function).

>You would be wondering, "Why introduce another layer of indirection when we can just have them inline to reduce gas cost?". Valid point, but if you start writing a large smart contract, the hard limit of the size (24KB) can be reached pretty quickly. Then, you really want to reduce your codebase to fit into that size.

This exercise will be relatively simple.

Try yourself:

We have given you a very primitive version of Ownable that only deals with ownership check. Modify it so it sets the creator of the contract as its `_owner`.
Write a contact file (*.sol) that inherits from `Ownable` and has name "MyContract". In the body of the contract, write a function that has the following specifications:

  1. has name `destroy`
  5. takes no argument
  2. sets `_owner` to `0` (the zero address)
  3. is modified by `onlyOwner()`
  4. is public
  5. returns nothing
