# Pull Over Push

Before we move on, there is something we need to consider. Look back at the code you wrote to withdraw funds back to the donators. It might seem like a good design to write a function with a `for` loop that checks the donated amount from each donator and automatically transfers all funds back to their sources. This function would only need to be called once, when the time has run out. However, this can lead to several security vulnerabilities!

As we briefly mentioned earlier, every operation executed on the Ethereum blockchain costs a small amount ether to execute. The ether spent as a transaction cost is called "gas". The more lines of code you execute with your function call, the more gas you will spend. Additionally, there is a hard limit on how much gas any transaction can spend called the "block gas limit". 

Once we understand this, we can understand a few ways where this `for`-loop style of code might break.

The first way this can break is if the array that the `for` loop is iterating over becomes too large. Every iteration of the loop costs an additional amount of gas. At a certain point, it will become too expensive to use, and eventually completely impossible once it reaches the block gas limit. With our fundraising contract we have here, it's easy for a malicious person to make this happen if she just makes a bunch of donations for tiny amounts! 

The second way this can break is if a malicious person donates ether through a smart contract. A smart contract can be set up so that certain code executes whenever anyone transfers ether to it. Suppose a person donates ether to our fundraising contract using a smart contract of their own, and also includes logic in that contract to `revert` whenever ether is sent to them. This means that if we transfer ether back to that donator, their contract will `revert`, meaning that the entire transaction will `revert`, meaning that no one will get paid! 

There is a way around this, however. Solidity includes several ways of sending ether. The one we have been using is `address.transfer(amount)`. If the contract we are transfering the amount to chooses to revert, then the entire transaction will revert as we described. However, there is another way: `address.send(amount)`. This is a safe way of sending ether that will not cause the entire transaction to revert if the transfer fails. Instead, the function will simply return `false`, allowing the smart contract sending the ether to check for failure and handle it accordingly. 

Another feature of `transfer` and `send` is that they will only allow the contract receiving ether to expend a certain amount of gas once the payment has been sent. This prevents a situation where a malicious donator could write a contract that enters an infinite loop when it receives ether. This too would prevent execution of any function that transfers ether to this contract. But with a limit of how much gas the receiving contract is allowed to spend, this type of malicious behavior is not possible. The `transfer` and `send` functions allow the receiving contracts to use only a very tiny amount of gas - specifically `2300` gas which is just enough to log an event, but not to do much else. 

Despite the fact that Solidity has these guards against malicious behavior contracts can choose to implement when receiving money, it is still quite a lot of considerations to make and it is better to avoid this whole issue. This is why it is better to use **pull over push** design. 

The essence of pull over push design is that, whenever possible, smart contracts should be written so that external users must manually trigger changes that affect them (pull) rather than having the smart contract "push" changes to all users.

In the context of this fundraising contract, it means that instead of having logic where the smart contract reimburses every single donator using a loop, it should be the responsibility of each donator to trigger a function in the smart contract that results in them getting reimbursed.

Make sure that your implementation of the fundraising contract properly implements pull-over-push design, and then let's move on! 
