# Viewing the Progress

So far, contributers can add to the fund, and get a refund when the fundraising is unsuccessful. The owner can open up a new fundraising project with a desired amount for the goal.

However, there is an important part missing. How can each individual access how much they donated? How can the owner view the fundraising's progress toward the goal? Currently the smart contract does not have that functionality. Also, even if we add those in, the owner of the fundraising project will have to constantly check in to make sure the project is going well. Let's add some events to alert it for him/her.

`event`s in solidity can alert the blockchain that a certain action has happened. Using this feature, you do not have to constantly ping the chain to check whether an event has occurred or not. We can declare an event like so, along with the state variables:

`event AddFund(uint amount, address contributer);`

Then emit the event like so:

`emit AddFund(msg.value, msg.sender);`

What we want are following:
  1. Different events for each existing function. `add`, `withdrawOwner`, and `withdraw`. `withdrawOwner` and `withdraw` should emit distinct events with amount and `block.number`. `add` should emit the amount and the address of contribution. Before we transfer the funds, `emit` events according to the transfer.
  2. A getter function that returns the amount donated by a given address (given as a parameter).

Those will make life easier for the users of the contract.

Also, if you add the getter function in, you might have noticed that the compiler throws a warning saying something along the line of "the function can be restricted to view"...
That means since the function does not change any of the value inside the function, we can mark it as so. Let's mark it with `view`.

