# Inheritance

Like some popular object-oriented programming languages, solidity contracts support inheritance. While it is possible to implement every functionality into a single, gigantic contract, it is often useful and cleaner to write base smart contracts that others can inherit from.

Inheriting another contract can be done like so :

```
contract A is B {}
```
meaning A is inheriting from contract B.

If B had a constructor function specified, A will have to use the following semantics to follow B's constructor.

```
constructor(uint _y) BaseContract(_y) public {}
```
The above runs the exact same constructor as the base contract.

For our Fundraising contract, we will create another contract that inherits from it. It will add some more stuff onto it to serve some different purpose. Let's define the behavior we want out of the new contract.

In this situation, the creator of the fundraising project wants to be more transparent with the spending of the donations. He has decided that he (the owner) will have to make a `Request` for every major withdrawal he wants to do from the fund. The contributors will vote for each request, and the owner will be able to withdraw the funds if certain threshold is met in the voting result.

Let's lay out the specifications.

1. Request has the following fields
    1. description of the request
    2. value of the request
    3. status of completion of the request (set to true when the request is approved, and the owner withdraws the fund)
2. Nothing different for the constructor
3. Voting power of each contributor will be relative to their contribution (1:1).

Let's implement the following varaibles & functionalities first.

1. Request (a struct)
3. array of requests for contributors to navigate and vote on (make sure to make it public for easy access)
2. constructor function
4. creating a request
