# Finishing Off

Now that we have basic request creation in place, let's see how we can handle the voting process and owner withdrawing funds after the condition is met.

For each contributor, we will have to keep track of which withdrawl requests it voted for. For this, we can make use of a nested mapping.

mapping can accept a mapping as its value, like so:

```
mapping(uint=>mapping(uint=>uint)) public mymapping;
```

In order to access the final `uint` value, you will write something like `mymapping[0][0]`.

Each vote will require certain conditions, such as not allowing voting multiple times on the same requests and so on. Each contributor's vote will count as much as his/her total contributions to the fundraising project. When the voted amount exceeds half of the total fund, the owner can withddraw as much as the request's value. Make sure you add appropriate error message when the requirement is not met.

As you might have noticed, we have a possible problem in the resulting contract. When a contributor votes for a request, then donates more to the fundraising project, and tries to update the vote, the vote will be rejected since he/she already voted for the request. This can be troublesome, but we will keep things as is to avoid further complications.

Here are the specifications of the functionalities:

1. The contributors can vote for any of the requests.
    1. the allowance for the request will increment by the amount of contribution of the voter.
2. Everyone can check if the owner is allowed for funds for the request.
3. After allowance exceeds half of the total amount of contributions, the owner is able to withdraw the requested amount of funds.
4. The owner will be able to withdraw funds only after the fundraising is successful.
