# Begin with Basics

Let's start by looking at our first smart contract. What we have here doesn't do anything useful whatsoever, but it serves as a basic example of the syntax for Solidity contracts.

Take a look at the code in the right hand panel. What we have here resembles a description of a "class" in many programing languages (such as Javascript), but here we use the word `contract` instead of "class". Like a class, a `contract` is an object with associated functions and state variables. The difference is that instances of these contracts can be created and deployed on the blockchain. Once a contract is deployed, any function marked `public` will be available for any Ethereum user to interact with through an Ethereum client interface.

Try it out. Press the triangle-shaped button below the editor to compile and deploy the contract. This won't actually deploy it to the blockchain&mdash;just to our test environment inside the browser&mdash;but for the sake of the tutorial, pretend it's the real thing. :) 

**Note:** Next to the compile button, you can set what compiler version to use with your Solidity code. You want to make sure that it's the same as the version defined in the `pragma` on top of the code (in this case `0.5.11`). Otherwise, the compiler will give you an error. 

If you make a mistake in your contract and want to go back to the basic contract given to you at the start, click the rewind button next to the triangle. On the other hand, if you give up and want to skip forward to the completed contract, click the "I give up" button.

### Function panels 

Once the contract is compiled, the "Run methods" panel will allow you to run any public method in the smart contract with whatever parameters you choose. If your contract were really on the Ethereum blockchain, you would be able to do the same thing through your Ethereum client, as would any Ethereum user. 

In the "Accounts" panel, you can create new simulated Ethereum accounts. This will be useful if you ever want to test how a contract responds to different users. A default user is automatically created each time your contract is deployed, but you can add additional users, too. 

It will also show the balance of each account, denominated in Wei. Wei is the lowest possible denomination of currency on the Ethereum network&mdash;one Ether is 10^18 Wei. Every user is automatically created with an unreasonably high amount of Ether so you don't need to worry about running out. When you run a function, you will see that your account balance goes down a little. This is because transactions cost money to run, more on that later. 

Back in the "Run methods" panel, you can choose which account you are running the smart contract function from in a dropdown menu. Additionally, you can choose to send funds along with your transaction, which we will discuss later. If you like, you can run the `whichAccount` function and `howMuchMoney` function to test out these two features.

It's customary for the first challenge in any programming tutorial to simply output the string `"Hello World"`. Right now we have a function `sayHello` which should return a string, but doesn't. Go ahead and modify this function so that it returns `"Hello World"` when you call it. Then let's move on to the next section.