# Modifying state

There isn't much point in a smart contract that only outputs information. Let's create some data to store in our Ethereum contract. 

In addition to defining functions inside a contract, we can define state variables. Every instance of our contract on the blockchain will have its own set of state variables which its functions will be able to edit. If an Ethereum user calls a function to modify a variable, their change will be reflected on the blockchain for everyone interacting with that contract.
 
Take a look at the code here. We've moved `myFavoriteNumber` from being defined within a function and made it a state variable. 

Here's your task: can you define a new state variable called `yourFavoriteNumber` and a new function that allows any user to modify this variable to whatever they want? You can modify a state variable in a function the way you would any other variable, simply by setting it equal to your desired value. 

### Function permissions

In Solidity, it's easy to restrict whether or not functions have the ability to modify state.

First of all, functions can be defined as `public` or `private`. Public functions can be called by any Ethereum user or smart contract. Private functions can only be called by other methods within the smart contract. In other words, public functions are exposed to the world to use, whereas private methods are only for use inside the class.

`public` functions can also contain other restrictions that determine whether or not they are allowed to modify state. A function that is defined as `public view` is a read-only function that can read from state but is not allowed to write. A function that is `public pure` is even more restrictive - it is not allowed to write OR read from state at all. It can only return constant values, or perform calculations based on parameters passed to it.

If you look at the smart contract we have on the right side, `addTwoNumbers` is `public pure` because it only reads the parameters. Whereas `myFavoriteNumberPlusYourFavoriteNumber` reads from state but does not modify it, so it is `public view`. 

It's important to mark your functions as `view`, because reading and writing from the blockchain are very different types of actions. Any function which only reads from the blockchain can be quickly performed entirely on your own computer. But a function that writes to the blockchain will have to be communicated to every node across the Ethereum network. You will have to include your function call in a transaction, pay a transaction fee, and wait for your transaction to be included in a block. This is completely unnecessary if all you need to do is read. Therefore, mark your read-only functions as `view` or `pure` so users can perform them without having to send a transaction the blockchain.

### Automatic getters 

Another thing: when you compile and deploy this contract, you might notice that there is a function myFavoriteNumber() that you can call. This function with the same name as our state variable is generated automatically because we put the keyword `public` when defining it. The method `getMyFavoriteNumber` is commented out to show that it's no longer necessary, since Solidity is nice enough to write this basic function for us. 

### Return types

Also note that you only have to include return types (`returns` and the following values in parentheses) if the function returns values. If a function returns nothing, just leave them out. 

> Warning: there is currently no way for Ethereum users to read return values from `public` functions which write to the blockchain in most clients. This is because users will have to wait for these transactions to be included in a block and be executed some unspecified time later. A better way to transmit data back to the user once a transaction occurs is something called `event`, we will talk about this in later lessons. 



