### Payments

In the last section, we created a state variable on the global computer that is Ethereum. But we're not using the power of Ethereum smart contracts yet until we start using cryptocurrency embedded in the system.

By changing `public` to `public payable` in a function's definition, we can allow Ethereum users to send some ether to the contract along with their function call. (For the record: Ethereum is the name of the blockchain system, whereas ether is the name of the currency that is transfered across Ethereum). 

It's up to the user to decide how much ether to provide in their transaction. The smart contract doesn't need to do anything in particular to accept and store the payment - it is credited to the smart contract's account as long as the function runs to completion. We'll get into what we can do with this money in the next section. 

Right now, any user can can modify the `yourFavoriteNumber` value for free as many times as they want. What if we made editing this value an exclusive privilege for the rich? Maybe we can earn a little money this way :) 

Inside a payable function, the amount of ether sent with the message call can be found in the unsigned integer variable `msg.value`. (Specifically this value is denominated in "wei", where 1 ether is 10^18 wei.)

Can you modify the function `setYourFavoriteNumber` so that unless the person calling the function sends 1 ether, they will not be able to change the variable? 

Here's an example `if` statement in Solidity, which shouldn't look surprising if you've programmed before:

```
if(condition) {
  //code in here will execute if `condition` is true
} 
else {
  //code in here will execute if `condition` is false
}
```

> NOTE: Once you've written your function, you can test to see if it works properly by testing it with different numbers in the "Value attached to transaction" field in the "Run methods" panel.
