### Sending, Constructor, and Revert

Like I promised, in this section you will learn how you can actually spend the money that people send to your smart contract. 

First let's introduce the `address` type. Every user of Ethereum has an account `address`, as well as every smart contract. In Solidity, we can query an address using `.balance` to learn how much ether it holds, and we can use a `.transfer` method on the address to send money to it. 

Here's an example of some code that uses this feature: 

```
function payBill() public {
  address billsAddress = 0xEdadA4E79332899e6fAD41F726a346B8BB8ecb4f;
  if(billsAddress.balance > 50 ether) {
    //Bill is rich already! He won't even notice if I don't pay him
    return;
  }
  else {
    //I'll give bill the two ether I owe him
    billsAddress.transfer(2 ether);
  }
}
```

Looking at the contract on the left, when we call the `withdraw` method, the smart contract will send the entire balance of the contract to `msg.sender`. `msg.sender` is a special value that contains the address of whoever called the function. This is not what we want! We want to prevent anyone but you from taking the ether from the smart contract. By "you" we mean the author and publisher of this smart contract.

How can we do this? Notice that at the top of the contract we have a new function called `constructor`. This function is special in that it will be called when the contract is deployed. This can be used to initialize state variables, similar to constructors in other programming languages. 

You should figure out how to rewrite this smart contract so that the contract owner is set in the constructor, and is the only person able to withdraw from the smart contract. Test your code by using the "Accounts" panel to create different accounts to interact with the function from. 

### Revert 

The best way to prevent code from being executed under certain circumstances in Solidity is the `revert` method. It works like this:

``` 
function setYourFavoriteNumberIfLarge(uint a) public {
  if(a < 1000) {
    revert("Sorry, big numbers only");
  }
  yourFavoriteNumber = a;
}
```

In the above code example, if the function is called with values too small, it will not execute. 

This is a lot better than a simple if statement because if the function reverts, it never occurs on the blockchain at all. No state changes are made, no ether will be sent, and the user will not have to pay any transaction fee. The user will also receive a helpful error message ("Sorry, big numbers only" here), whereas otherwise they will have to wait for their transaction to be accepted on the blockchain and later query the state only to realize that no change occurred.

```
// NOT as good of a way to write the function
function setYourFavoriteNumberIfLarge(uint a) public {
  if(a < 1000) {
    // do nothing
  }
  else {
    yourFavoriteNumber = a;
  }
}
```

A one-line way to write `if` and `revert` is using `require`, which checks the conditional in the first parameter and reverts with the message in the second parameter if the condition is not met: 

```
function setYourFavoriteNumberIfLarge(uint a) public {
  require(a >= 1000, "Sorry, big numbers only");
  yourFavoriteNumber = a;
}
```
