### Mappings

I just had an idea. What if instead of just having a single `yourFavoriteNumber` field for all users of the contract, we let each user set their own favorite number? 

To do this, we would need some sort of database that associates Ethereum addresses of users with their favorite numbers. Fortunately, this is easy to do with a Solidity feature called `mapping`. We can associate keys in the mapping with values, and then query the mapping with the keys to return these values. It is similar to a map or an associative array in other programming languages. 

You can define a new mapping like this:

`mapping (uint => string) myMapping;`

When defining the mapping, you must specify the key and value types. This mapping we just defined takes keys of type `uint` and associates them with values of type `string`. 

Then you can get and set the various values of the mapping using bracket notation. It works just like objects in Javascript. 

`myMapping[5] = "Hello everybody"` 

This associates the key `5` with the value `"Hello everybody"`.

`string a = myMapping[143];`

Here a new string `a` will be set to whatever is associated with key `143` in `myMapping`. 

If there is no value set for this key, no error will occur when trying to access it. Instead, trying to access it will return the "zero value" of whatever type the value is. For numerical values, this is the number zero. For strings, it is the empty string `""`. For addresses, it is the zero address `0x0`. For booleans, it is `false`. 

This is important to keep in mind. Always check for the zero value when querying a mapping so you can handle the case where the value has not been set. Another implication of this is that if you have a mapping to `uint`s, it's impossible to store a `0` as a value for a given key and have it be distinguishable from the case in which this key simply hasn't been set. If you want to distinguish between `0` and undefined states in a mapping to `uint`, you can use a technique where you add one to `uint`s before storing them in the mapping and subtract one after retrieving them. Thus a `1` stored in the mapping will represent the value `0` while `0` will represent undefined. 

Using this knowledge, try modifying the smart contract so that every user can set their own favorite number. 
