### Arrays and mappings together

In addition to mappings and structs, Solidity also features standard arrays, similar to those which appear in most programming languages.

Arrays can either be fixed length or variable length.

```
uint[5] fixed_length;
fixed_length = [4, 6, 1000, 4, 3]

uint[] variable_length;
//"new" keyword is used to instantiate variable length array with a certain length
variable_length = new uint[](2);
variable_length.push(4345); // add new elements to a variable length array with push()
variable_length.length; //should be 3 now

```

You can get and set array values by putting the index number in square brackets

`myArray[3] = "Hi everyone"`

You can also delete array values with the keyword delete, but if you delete from the middle of the array it will leave a gap.

```
myArray[5] = ["art", "blockchain", "certik", "decentralization", "ethereum"];
delete myArray[3];
//myArray is now ["art", "blockchain", "", "decentralization", "ethereum]
```

Unlike mappings, arrays can be iterated over. They also have a `.length` operator which returns the length of the array.

```
for(uint i = 0; i < myArray.length; i++) {
  doSomethingWith(myArray[i]);
}
```

We can't write a `for` loop like this for a mapping. All we can do is query keys one at a time. 

What if we want to keep track of how many users have set favorite numbers using our contract? We can't get that information with a mapping alone, due to its lack of a length variable. Often what Solidity developers will end up doing is using a mapping and an array in conjunction to store the information they want. 

Try filling in the missing logic in the functions to the right. You will need to add an additional array state variable. 

**Warning:**

Be careful when iterating over an array of variable length. We haven't really discussed this yet, but every time you call a function on an Ethereum smart contract, you will have to pay a transaction fee in order to reward the validators for using their computational resources to run your transaction. This transaction fee is proportional to the amount of computing work you are doing, and is measured in units called "gas". If your array is continually growing, then the cost of running any function where you loop through the array will grow too. In the most extreme situation (when the amount of "gas" the function requires reaches something called the "block gas limit"), it will make your contract un-runnable.
