# ABI encode, decode, and keccak256

ABI stands for Application Blockchain Interface. Solidity can access the ABI endpoint through the `abi` keyword. Also, it helps dealing with encoding/decoding byte data by providing some functions that do those for you. This is useful when you are trying to read low-level byte data from ethereum contract ABI, a standard way to interact with Ethereum contracts.<br>
If you are curious what exactly they are, refer to the [Contract ABI Specification](https://solidity.readthedocs.io/en/latest/abi-spec.html).

Below is a list of useful encode/decode functions.

1.  `abi.decode(bytes memory encodedData, (...)) returns (...)`: ABI-decodes the given data, while the types are given in parentheses as second argument.  
Example: `(uint a, uint[2] memory b, bytes memory c) = abi.decode(data, (uint, uint[2], bytes))`

2.  `abi.encode(...) returns (bytes memory)`: ABI-encodes the given arguments

3.  `abi.encodePacked(...) returns (bytes memory)`: Performs packed encoding of the given arguments. Note that packed encoding can be ambiguous!

4.  `abi.encodeWithSelector(bytes4 selector, ...) returns (bytes memory)`: ABI-encodes the given arguments starting from the second and prepends the given four-byte selector

5.  `abi.encodeWithSignature(string memory signature, ...) returns (bytes memory)`: Equivalent to `abi.encodeWithSelector(bytes4(keccak256(bytes(signature))), ...)`

The `abi.encode` encodes the given variables in the following manner.

1. For static variables (fixed-size variables), the variable is stored directly in the first free word space (256 bits).

2. For dynamic variables (dynamically-sized variables)
  
  1. first first free word space (`n`) is the starting offset of the parameter's content in bytes.
  
  2. The first word of the content is the length of the content.

A simple example is a result of `abi.encode("AAAA", true, "BBBB")`:
```
0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000060
0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000001
0x00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000a0
0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000004
0x4141414100000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000004
0x4242424200000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
```

For each line in order, they represent the following.

1. The offset of the first parameter ("AAAA") in bytes. (96 in decimals)

2. The value of the second parameter (true) in bytes. (1)

3. The offset of the third parameter ("BBBB") in bytes. (160 in decimals)

4. The length of the first parameter ("AAAA") in bytes. (4)

5. The content of the first parameter ("AAAA") right padded to 32 bytes.

6. The length of the third parameter ("BBBB") in bytes.

7. The content of the third parameter ("BBBB") in bytes.

You normally want to use these when you are packing data for efficient gas usage, or interacting with lower level features like `call`.
For example, using `abi.encode` or `abi.encodePacked` to encode `string` data type and use `keccak256` to compare the hash values between two variables can dramatically reduce gas cost comparing two string variables.

`keccak256` is a sha3 hash function. It receives an arbitrary length bytes array and returns a `bytes32`. This can really be useful when you want to ignore details of a variable and compress it into a smaller-sized value (bytes32). Hash functions guarantee that if the input values are different, the the output values are different (the possibility of same outputs are negligible).

Here is a template of `keccak256`: `keccak256(bytes memory) returns(bytes32)`

Note that the same input values are guaranteed to produce same outputs for encode and hash functions.

Try it yourself:
Let's try out the features using the abi functions above.
  1. Implement a function that takes a string argument and adds a constant suffix after it.

  2. Implement a function that uses `keccak256` and one of the encode functions to compare two string values

  3. Implement a function that doesn't use the encode functions and hash functions which compares two string values. Compare the gas cost with the one implemented in part 2.

  4. Implement a function that cannot be called with the same address and parameters. For simplicity just have one `uint` parameter for the function.
