# Fallback Function

In Solidity a contract can have exactly **one** unnamed function that takes no argument, returns nothing, and has the `external` visibility. This is called a `fallback` function; if a call to the contract does not have any payload or the identifier doesn't match any functions within the contract, this function is then executed.

Moreover, this function is executed when the contract is called and sent plain Ether without any data. To process and receive the Ether, the function must be `payable`. Otherwise, it will throw an exception and revert the call.

In the worst case, the call to `fallback` function has to rely on the 2300 gas stipend. 

The following functions consumes more gas than the gas stipend.
  1. write to storage
  2. create a contract
  3. call external function that consumes large amount of gas
  4. send ether

Like any other functions, as long as there is enough gas and no other errors occur, the fallback function will execute successfully.

Fallback functions are also useful when the contract needs to simply accept incoming gas. Then the fallback function will look like this:

`function() payable {}`

Also, if you want to alert that the contract received Ether,

`function() payable { emit EtherReceived(msg.value)}`

Of course, you need to have that event defined in the contract.

Try yourself:
  1. Try triggering the fallback function below.
  2. Make the fallback function also receive Ether and emit an event.

> Tip: try calling something through address(this).call

