# Something Different

Let's do something different and play a game. 

Smart contracts on the Ethereum blockchain are at risk of getting hacked at any time by attackers searching for vulnerabilities and waiting to strike. 

In order to prevent these hackers from exploiting your code, you should try to step into their shoes and understand their mindset. 

The `WealthShares` contract to the right implements a basic investment pool of sorts. However, it includes a bug that allows any attacker to drain all the  ether that investors have deposited in the contract. 

Can you find it? 

First you can try deploying a copy of `WealthShares` and messing around with it to see how it works. Once you think you've found the vulnerability, you can deploy a copy of `HackerSimulation` to test it out. Run the `createSimulation` method in this contract with a message value of 100 ether and it will simulate a group of investors depositing their funds in the contract. Figure out how to fill in the `hack` function to drain all the funds from the `WealthShares` contract to the `HackerSimulation` contract. You can then run `checkVictory` to see if your attack was successful. 

See if you can figure it out on your own, but if not you can highlight below for some hints:

Hint 1: <span style="color:white;}">This is a variation on a vulnerability we talked about before. The author of WealthShares is protecting against some things, but it looks like they are failing to protect against other related things.</span>

Hint 2: <span style="color:white;}">See if you can create an overflow bug in divideShares that will let you generate a massive amount of shares from thin air.</span>

Hint 3: <span style="color:white;">If you can find a value for the parameter numShares that overflows the multiplication in the first line of divideShares but allows the safeSubtract to pass without reverting, you will be able to extract the  ether.</span>

Hint 4: <span style="color:white;">You should be using some of the basic math operations (multiplication \*, exponentiation \*\*, addition +, subtraction -, and so on)</span>

(If you enjoy this style of hacking lesson, you should check out OpenZeppelin's [EtherNaut](https://ethernaut.openzeppelin.com/), which is a series of similar challenges.)
