# Gas

So far, we only focused on the functionalities and features of the Solidity language and how they can be used. However, Solidity code is not actually what will be run on the blockchain. Solidity compiles to an assembly language called EVM: Ethereum Virtual Machine. The EVM applies another core concept in the operations to enforce optimization: Gas.

Gas in Ethereum is like a fuel for a car; every bytecode operation (every single step in its computation) takes some amount of gas. When the gas is depleted during computation, the computation is reverted and the gas is refunded. Gas is a real currency on the Ethereum network, thus every operation in EVM takes real monetary value as a price.

While it might not be clear at first why the Ethereum network applies such a constraint in addition to the general efficiency, consider a special situation where gas functionality isn't there.

1.  Suppose I wrote a smart contract that has a loop in it.
2.  Suppose the smart contract had a bug, and sometimes it goes into an infinite loop.
3.  Since there is no condition to stop execution (no time limitation, no gas limitation), EVM will be stuck on the contract forever.

There can be some alternative remedies to fix that particular error, but gas pricing handles the above situation (infinite calculation to clog up the EVM) pretty nicely, by imposing fees on each smart contract execution to enforce execution conciseness.

Just as different programs consume different amounts of computing resources, different contracts or methods in solidity consume different amount of gas.

Let's see a quick example of different code below:

```
pragma solidity >=0.4.26 < 0.7.0;

contract StringTest {
  string a = "Hello World!";

  function gets() public returns(string memory) {
    return a;
  }

  function getbyte() public returns(bytes32) {
    return a.bytes();
  }
}
```

The above functions `gets()` and `getbyte()` essentially perform the same task, but they return different types. This will end up having an effect on gas prices, as you can see if you compile the contract and experiment.

No coding for this chapter. Feel free to change things around and see how the gas cost changes.

**Note:** The economics behind gas are a little confusing and have been mostly simplified for this tutorial. In this tutorial playground, one unit of gas costs 1 wei, the lowest possible amount. On the real Ethereum network, the price of gas is determined by market forces and can be different things at different times, much like the price of gas in the real world. It will likely never go as low as 1 wei though - right now it is 6000000000 wei, or about 21 cents for a basic money transfer.

The reason there is no fixed gas price is because the price of gas is determined by miners (similar to the transaction fee in Bitcoin). The ether the user spends on gas for a transaction is given to the miner as a reward for creating the block. Miners get to decide how much a user needs to pay per unit of gas for the miner to accept the user's transaction in their block. If a lot of activity is happening on the network, the miners can raise the gas prices due to the increased demand. 

As an Ethereum user interacting with the actual blockchain, you must attach a `gasLimit` and `gasPrice` value to your transaction. `gasPrice` is the amount of wei you are choosing to spend per unit of gas. If this value is too low, a miner likely won't pick up your transaction. 

`gasLimit` is the amount of gas you are willing to spend in this transaction. Specifying this is necessary so that if for some reason the contract enters a loop when you make your transaction or something, it won't end up with your whole account accidentally drained. 

In this playground however, we decided to simply all that away for a better learning experience. ;)