# Variable Packing

Additionally to every execution taking some gas, every storing and loading operation takes gas as well (copy, assign, and so on). Thus, EVM rewards code that store variables more compactly. EVM has a unit of storing data that takes up 256 bits, and EVM only works with data of 256 bit long. Let's look at some examples of variable packing below.

```
pragma solidity >=0.4.26 < 0.7.0;

contract BadPacking {
  struct myBadStruct {
    uint8 numberOne;
    uint256 bigNumber;
    uint8 numberTwo;
  }
}

contract GoodPacking {
  struct myGoodStruct {
    uint256 bigNumber;
    uint8 numberOne;
    uint8 numberTwo;
  }
}
```

The first contract `BadPacking` has a `struct` which has bigger-sized variable inbetween smaller-sized variable. Since the EVM will try to group variables in order to create size multiple of 256 bits (since the smallest storage size is 256 bits), the first struct will take up `256 * 3 = 718` bits, while the second struct will take up `256 * 2 = 512` bits.

Reducing the size of the variable when a huge space is not necessary helps as well. If a 8 bits are enough to store a uint variable, we can use uint8 instead of `uint256`.

Try it yourself:
We want to add some more fields in a given struct, while also refactoring it to consume less gas while modifying it. While adding the two variables, make sure you use the most fitting variable type.
  1. Add two fields inside the struct `myStruct`.
    * One is named `percentage`, and the value `v` is guaranteed to be `0 <= v <= 100`
    * Another one is named `intensity`, and the value `i` is guaranteed to be `0 <= i <= 1000`.

After finishing, try changing the order of the fields and see what happens in the gas cost.

