# Function & Variable Visibility

On Solidity, functions have a crucial role in the transitions of the state of the contracts, as they provide different ways to interact with the contract. Since functions can be of different types, Solidity supports four different kinds of function and variable visibility to optimize the load on the VM.

These are the visibilities:

####  1. public:
      visible from anywhere.
####  2. private:
      visible only within the contract
####  3. external:
      visible only from outside of the contract
####  4. internal:
      visible from within and the derived contracts

Why would we want to use more restricted visibilities? Well, first when we want some functionalities not accessible to a normal user (like setting the token amount for an account in an ERC20 token), we would set the setter function `private` (there are some more sophisticated was of doing so, but still).

Also, more restricted visibility grants less gas usage. For example, if you set a function `external` rather than `public`, it will cost 22 less gas per call. Again, this might seem little, but it can build up into something big.

Let's try writing out functions with those in mind.

Try yourself:
  1. We've given some functions (public and external) for you to get a taste how they differ.
  2. Write functions that does the same thing (everything the same except the visibility), and compare the gas consumption.
  3. For `internal` and `private` functions, add two more `public` functions that just return the output of those functions.

