# Function Markers

So far, we have seen there are some different visibilities and markers for smart contract functions, but we did not go much deeper into why they exist and what they are. We know EVM takes serious consideration to make the gas consumption optimal. It has different gas costs for different operations, state changes, and visibilities of different components of the smart contract, encouraging developers to write optimized contracts to minimize gas cost.

The same logic goes for functions. If a function within a contract is called, how should we charge gas cost? As a function call is probably the only way to interact with a contract (unless you're passively observing the contract state or something), the gas cost mechanism will largely affect the blockchain ecosystem.

So, Ethereum has two different markers for functions: `view` and `pure`. Both of them restrict the functions from changing the state of the contract, meaning they cannot perform the following actions:

1.  Writing to state variables.
2.  Emitting events.
3.  Creating other contracts.
4.  Using selfdestruct. (will be discussed in a few chapters)
5.  Sending ether via calls.
6.  Calling any function not marked view or pure.
7.  Using low-level calls.
8.  Using inline assembly that contains certain opcodes.

`pure` functions in addition to not being able to perform above actions, does not have any read the state. The following are considered reading from the state:

1.  Reading from state variables.
2.  Accessing address(this).balance or <address>.balance.
3.  Accessing any of the members of block, tx, msg (with the exception of msg.sig and msg.data).
5.  Calling any function not marked pure.
6.  Using inline assembly that contains certain opcodes.

That's some mouthful of restrictions. Then why would we want to use these functions, despite so many constraints? The answer, as you might have guessed, is very simple. It reduces gas cost.

Try yourself:  
We have some storage variables & template functions that you can work with.

  1. Write a `public pure` function that takes no arguments, calculates and returns `123+123`. Write a `public` function that does the same. Run those two functions and compare the gas cost.
  2. Write `view` functions for each `get` functions given, and see how the gas cost changes.


