# Storage and Memory

One good programming practice is to keep the number of variables small. In that way, we can make it easier to follow variable changes and focus more on the underlying logics. However, trying to keep the number of variables low might not be a good practice in Solidity.

Solidity has largely three types of memory for variables. `memory` variables are the ones that get created and deleted for each function call. `storage` variables are the state variables that persist as long as the contract is live. `calldata` only exists through the function call, and is non-modifiable.

> Solidity also has stack memory, which is invisible in the surface. It is a non-persistent data maintained by the EVM.

What is important is that since EVM penalizes using memory and rewards freeing/reserving memory, `storage` is the most expensive type of variable to work with. Next is `memory`, and then `calldata`.

Here are some of the rules when dealing with those memories.

1. State variables are stored in the storage.
2. Function parameters and return parameters are stored in the memory.
3. Function parameters (not including returns parameters) of external function are stored in the Calldata
4. Local variables are stored in the memory. However, for reference variable (string, bytes, array, etc), you need to specify the data location explicitly.
5. Assignment from and to state variable creates a copy.
6. Assignment to storage variable from a memory variable creates a copy.
7. Assignment to a memory variable from storage variable creates a copy.
8. Assignment from and to reference memory variable does not create a copy.
9. Assignment from and to value memory variable creates a copy.

Let's look at a simple example. Let's say we want to keep track of a value (like a token), and distribute them among some number of accounts, like an airdrop event. Let's say we have the remaining value stored in the contract, since we might use that same amount for future airdrops. Then our contract will look something like this:
```
pragma solidity ^0.5.10;

contract Airdropping {
  uint remaining = 1223123132;
  address[] public holders;
  mapping (address => uint) public accounts;

  function createAccounts(uint n) public {
      for (uint i = 0; i < n; i++) {
        holders.push(address(n));
        accounts[address(n)] = 1;
      }
  }

  function airDrop() public {
    for(uint i = 0; i < holders.length; i++) {
        remaining -= 100;
        accounts[holders[i]] += 100;
    }
  }
}
```

Here, we see two types of variables. One is kept while the contract exists, and the other one only exists when a function is called. The contract itself seems quite simple, just a creator function and an airdropping function. We subtract 100 from the `remaining` and give it to the holders. However, this code has some serious waste of gas consumption.

See how we're modifying `remaining` for each holders address. If we run these through, supposing we have 100 holders, the transaction cost will be around 2 million. That's quite big of a gas cost. There is two different solutions to this:

  1. Make a memory variable that copies the storage value, run it through the function, and update the storage value at the end of the function call.
  2. Calculate how much the storage value will change, and just make one change.

The first solution is useful when you need to access the value in throughout the call (like when the changed value of the `remaining` is used somewhere during `airdrop` function). The second solution is much more efficient, unless you are not making any reference to the changed storage value through the function call.

Try yourself:

  1. Try those two different methods, and see the gas cost changes.

