# Deleting Variables

So far, we only discussed creating and modifying storage variables in the contract. However, we can also delete storage variables when they become useless. Doing so will free up space in the virtual machine, and the EVM awards such practices.

Deleting a variable can be done as simply as this:

```
delete a;
```

This will delete the variable `a` from the contract, with all its information. What `delete` does is it sets the value of the variable to `0`. Nothing special is done whether to actually delete the variable from the state machine (like other programming languages). Regarding variable value changes, there are some metric of gas cost according to the change:

  1. If the value changed from nonzero value to zero, add refund counter (15000 gas), and charge 5000 gas.
  2. If the value was zero and was set to zero, charge 5000 gas.
  3. If the value was zero and was set to nonzero, charge 20000 gas.
  4. If the value changed from nonzero to nonzero, charge 5000 gas.

Thus, if we delete a nonzero variable, we can get a 10000 gas refund. The refund may not seem very obvious, since it does not appear in the gas return value. However, when the deletion goes through, we will be refunded the gas to our account.

> Tip: Note that the gas refund amount *CANNOT* exceed half of the gas cost in the context (the total gas cost at the time of the refund).

Let's try out some deleting. The given code has some really bad code quality, but it is only for testing variable deletions.

Try it yourself:
  1. Delete unnecessary nonzero variables that will not be used in the future.

